Recommend using conda-forge (#507)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/installation/installation-packages.md

- [MSYS2](https://packages.msys2.org/base/mingw-w64-precice) (for Windows, built with MinGW), [thread on our forum](https://precice.discourse.group/t/precice-and-mingw-packages/382)
- [EasyBuild](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-easyconfigs/tree/develop/easybuild/easyconfigs/p/preCICE)

> - [Conda](https://github.com/conda-forge/precice-feedstock) (see also packages [pyprecice](https://github.com/conda-forge/pyprecice-feedstock) and [fenicsprecice](https://github.com/conda-forge/fenicsprecice-feedstock)). We recommend to [use Miniforge](https://conda-forge.org/download/) (see https://www.fz-juelich.de/en/rse/the_latest/the-anaconda-is-squeezing-us for reasons why).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Conda](https://github.com/conda-forge/precice-feedstock) (see also packages [pyprecice](https://github.com/conda-forge/pyprecice-feedstock) and [fenicsprecice](https://github.com/conda-forge/fenicsprecice-feedstock)). We recommend using [Miniforge](https://conda-forge.org/download/) (see https://www.fz-juelich.de/en/rse/the_latest/the-anaconda-is-squeezing-us for reasons why).
```
